Fixing CI + Python Bindings (Pkgs 16/N) (#17)
padentomasello/flashlight: README.md

- [**`flashlight/lib`**](flashlight/lib) contains kernels and standalone utilities for sequence losses, beam search decoding, text processing, and more.
- [**`flashlight/fl`**](flashlight/fl) is the core neural network library using the [ArrayFire](https://github.com/arrayfire/arrayfire) tensor library.
- [**`flashlight/app`**](flashlight/app) are applications of the core library to machine learning across domains.

> - [**`flashlight/pkg**](flashlight/pkg) are packages built on top of Flashlight and ArrayFires for specific purposes (Domain libraries for speech and vision, halide extensions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**`flashlight/pkg**](flashlight/pkg) are packages built on top of Flashlight and ArrayFire for specific purposes (Domain libraries for speech, vision, and text, and Halide extensions).
```

### Building Your Own Project with Flashlight
Flashlight is most-easily linked to using CMake. Flashlight exports the following CMake targets when installed:
- `flashlight::fl_lib_common` — contains flashlight libraries for common headers and symbols used throughout flashlight.
- `flashlight::fl_lib_set` — contains flashlight libraries for headers and symbols pertaining to sets.
- `flashlight::fl_lib_sequence` — contains flashlight libraries for headers and symbols pertaining to sequences.
- `flashlight::fl_lib_audio` — contains flashlight libraries for headers and symbols pertaining to audio.
- `flashlight::fl_lib_text` — contains flashlight libraries for headers and symbols pertaining to text.

> - `flashlight::flashlight` — contains flashlight libraries as well as the flashlight core autograd and neural network library.

Reviewer: This is no longer correct (re `flashlight::flashlight`) - can we update it?

Author: We still have the `flashlight` library which is core. We no longer have fl-libraries.
